first time we met she opposition me
she seemed so sure I was sure it was
social and mysterious there's something
you'd like to tell me something you like
that from your wife I know every
could you help me with something you
will not tell anyone about this
[Music]
hello they're gonna call you Lily
I want to sketch you Lily
we should go out tonight
give them something different Lily
you're exquisite
you're different from most girls I feel
I need to ask your permission before I
kiss you
[Music]
exactly what happened last night there
was a moment when I wasn't me there was
a moment now is just Lily Lily doesn't
exist we were playing a game
he's lost his way needs a friend
let me help I think Lenny's thoughts I
dream the dreams it's always there
I need my husband I need to hold my
husband right the fact is I believe that
I'm a woman and I believe it too surgery
has never been attempted before got my
own life it could kill you it's viola
and this is not my body I have to let it
go
[Music]
I love you because you're the only
person who made sense of me
who made me possible
[Music]
you